I want to build an application with Slint + Rust. It will be called "Adb Studio". The application will have a top menu bar, with a File Menu with an Open Folder... menu point, and a Help menu with a simple about Dialog indicating the version, build number and the author Alexandre Dupuis-Belin. Then it will have a left pane a bit like in vscode. To the left of the left pane there will be a vertical icons toolbar (for now only one for the file explorer tab), and clicking on one of the icon buttons replaces the left pane. For now we will only have a left pane which is a File explorer, rooted at the location of the folder we opened using the files menu. When no folder is open, present a simple welcome screen in the center pane, with a link which has the same action as clicking on the File > Open Folder... menu point. Then, the file explorer should show the files hierarchy, with a special icon for audio files (supporting at least opus, mp3, wav files formats), for *.safetensors files (which are LoRa) and *.json files (which will mostly be comfyui workspace files). Clicking on any of the files has no action yet, but selecting a folder will load the list of its audio files, sorted by modified date descending by default (can be changed in an option in the center pane). The center pane will also have a filter input text, filtering partially matching files names on typing, without requiring pressing a search button. Below that, it will display a list of audio files. Each line will have its waveform displayed (which, if slow, could be cached somewhere inside a main .adbstudio/ directory at the root of the opened workspace folder - matching properly the file with a hash so that in case it changes the waveform gets updated). To the left of the waveform, a five stars rating widget allows setting a grade between 1 and 5 stars, simply by hovering over it and clicking (think also about how to reset to zero stars). Then to the right, a simple play / pause button also playing the audio file. Below the waveform, which is also a trackbar, is displayed the current time (to the left) and the total time of the track (to the right). When playing, a vertical white line going all through the waveform track represents the timeline cursor. It can be moved to seek, and even start playback on another line without having to click on play. The waveform to the left of the cursor is display in orange, while the right in lighter gray, like on soundcloud. Also, a bit like on soundcloud, right clicking anywhere on the track should allow to set a comment. The comment is displayed below the track truncated and becomes fully visible on hover (so that two comments set one to the left of the other do not overlap). Clicking on an existing comment reopens the comment popup and allows to change it or delete it. Dragging an existing comment moves it horizontally along the track, to reposition it at another location in time. Save all this meta information in the workspace folder .adbstudio/, using json files organized as best fits. Then, to the bottom of the screen, another foldable pane (all panes can be closed: the left ones by clicking on the alread active icon in the icon toolbar, the bottom one using a cross close button) displays information about how the currently playing / or hovered song (the active song) was generated (it's an app to add metadata to explain and comment how songs were generated and also select, light you would organize collections in Lightroom for photographers). This pane has a dropdown which allows to select any of the json files inside the workspace. Once one has been selected, it is associated with the currently active song. As it is a ComfyUI workspace file, this will give us information, which must be automatically parsed and displayed on three columns. In the first column, below the dropdown to select the json workspace file, there is a little frame indicating the used BPM (within the TextEncodeAceStepAudio1.5 node). Then underneath, the key (for instance "Bb minor"). Then, another column has a text field occupying the full height which is the acestep prompt used, then another column with the lyrics, then in the last column, a list of the loras used (file names and strength applied). So in the bottom pane, we have four columns. And that's it, that's pretty much our full application. It must run on Linux, but also on Windows and MacOS, and in the future we will make a web version. This application will grow in the future, so we're programming a nice base.